Hello, guys.
Let's move on to the next role that I highly recommend to you.
This tool is called Google Callable or Tree Oracle up for short.
To open this store, let's go to Google Drive.
Open your favorite browser.
I recommend Google Chrome.
If you are not logged in place, logged into your Google account and to let type Google drive or drive
for short in the search bar.
And then click the first link.
Go to drive.
And here we go.
We have our Google Drive account to go to the Google Call Up Tool, Click New.
More and go go callable lottery.
Wait a second.
That all will open.
Okay.
And we are here.
Now we can change the notebook name.
For example, intro.
And save change of file.
Save our control and we'll within seconds.
The location, file, locating, drive and new tab will open with our notebook location.
And here we have our file intro.
Okay, let's close this tab and come back to the notebook.
What is callable on tree?
Google callable tree.
Oracle up for short allows us to write and execute by phone in our browser with zero configuration required
free access to GPO and easy sharing.
Whether you're a student or a data scientist or AI researcher, collab can make your work easier.
In other words, CoLab notebooks are Jupyter notebooks that are hosted by Google.
Call up that document we are watching now with an interactive environment called a colored notebook
that let us write and execute cold lab notebooks, allow us to combine executable code and reach text
in a single document, along with image of HDMI and more.
When you create your own call up notebooks, they are stored in your Google Drive account.
You can easily share your Google CoLab notebooks with your co-workers or friends, allowing them to
comment on your notebooks or even added them.
And log book is a list of self serve contain either explanatory text or executable code and its output.
We need to connect today's task to be able to execute the code.
So let's click connect button.
This take a while.
Connecting.
Initializing.
And now we can use our notebook and stuff.